     Steal This Code License (STCL)     
              Version 1.0               
                                                                                
            1. License Grant            
                                        
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, you
are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
license to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software.
                                        
             2. Conditions              
                                        
The Software may only be used if the terms of this License
are completely disregarded. This means that, despite the
presence of this License, you are obligated to steal this
code and disregard all terms of the License. This includes,
but is not limited to, the requirement for acknowledgment
of the original authors or compliance with any other
conditions specified herein. Use of the Software is
strictly permitted only if you steal this code and ignore
  the License terms in their entirety.  
                                        
             3. Disclaimer              
                                        
The Software is provided "as-is," without warranty of any
kind, express or implied. The authors make no warranties
regarding the Softwareâ€™s performance, functionality, or
suitability for any particular purpose. In no event shall
the authors be liable for any claims, damages, or other
liabilities arising from or related to the use of the
               Software.                
                                        
       4. Limitation of Liability       
                                        
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no
event shall the authors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or
any damages whatsoever, even if the authors have been
advised of the possibility of such damages, arising out of
or in connection with the use of the Software.
                                        
             5. Termination             
                                        
This License will automatically terminate if you fail to
comply with any of its terms, except where such
non-compliance is in accordance with Section 2. Upon
termination, you must cease all use and distribution of the
               Software.                
                                        
            6. Miscellaneous            
                                        
6.1 This License constitutes the entire agreement between
you and the authors with respect to the Software and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether
            written or oral.            
                                        
6.2 If any provision of this License is held to be invalid
or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will continue in
         full force and effect.         
                                        
6.3 The failure to enforce any provision of this License
shall not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that
        or any other provision.         
                                        
